User has the name Barbara.
User did the recording at the Parkland Dallas hospital.
Barbara walks through the 50 metres long corridor.
While Barbara is walking through the corridor, Barbara passes through the chairs to the right of Barbara, the NO PHOTOGRAPH, COVER YOUR COUGH sign to the left of Barbara and the TOILET sign to the left of Barbara.
Barbara focusses on the Drinking Water sign at the corridor end.
While Barbara is passing Mehul on the right, Barbara sees Mehul for 2 seconds.
While Barbara is walking in the corridor, three persons pass to the left of Barbara and one person passes from the right of Barbara.
Barbara turns then towards the right of Barbara. 
Barbara reaches the decision point. 
The decision point has a sign board on the right of Barbara, a door with the caution sign to the end of the corridor and a corridor to the right of Barbara towards the 'Attrium Lobby'.
The sign board on right of Barbara has Women Emergency Pod, Atrium Lobby and Gold, Blue and Green Elevators. 
Barbara looks around at decision point 2.
Barbara looks confused at decision point 3 and decision point 7.
At decision point 7, Barbara does not take the correct turn.
Barbara walks towards the door with 'Caution Sign'.
At decision point 7, Barbara turns right of Barbara instead of turning left of Barbara.
Barbara returns to decision point 7.
Barbara observes the sign board.
Barbara takes turn towards the door to the 'Attrium Lobby' on the right of Barbara.
While Barbara is walking towards the door, Barbara fixates on the 'Exit sign' above the door.
After Barbara pushes the door, Barbara focusses on another sign board, a long corridor, and an exit sign board.
Barbara reaches a decision point.
There is one sign board to left of Barbara, 3 doors to left of Barbara and a long corridor infront of Barbara.
Barbara walks straight through the corridor.
While Barbara is walking through the corridor, Barbara passes the 'Gift Shop' sign to left of Barbara, reception desk to the right of Barbara and takes left turn at end of the corridor. 
Barbara sees a long and wide corridor with a big sign board at the end.
Barbara walks straight through the corridor.
While Barbara is walking through the corridor, Barbara passes one door to the left of Barbara, one sign board to the left of Barbara, the 'Toilet' sign to the left of Barbara and sofa chairs to the right of Barbara.
Barbara fixates on the big sign board at the end of the corridor.
The big sign board reads about the 'Blue Elevator', the 'Green Elevator', the 'Patient Relations', the 'Multi Faith Chapel', the 'Park Food Court' and the 'Park Market'.
Barbara reaches the blue elevators.
Barbara reaches the first floor through the blue elevator.
Barbara passes a reception desk.
Barbara takes left turn towards a door, Barbara sees the sign board to the left of a door with the 'Anderson-Bridge' sign above a door.
Barbara passes through door 2.
Barbara sees a long corridor.
While Barbara reaches the mid of the long corridor, Barbara sees a door to the left of Barbara with the 'Exit sign' and 'Bridge to Anderson Clinic' above the door.
Barber enters second half of the corridor.
Barbara sees the exit sign at the end of the corridor.
Barbara reaches the Pharmacy at the end of the corridor.
Barbara took 15 minutes to reach the destination of Barbara.  